The the young Licchavi Ratnākara, having seen the great wonder accomplished by the Blessed One,
Placed his right knee on the ground, raised his joined hands to the Blessed One and, having
payed homage to him, praised him with the following stanzas:

Pure and beautiful as a lotus leaf; pure are your intentions; you have reached the other shore
of tranquility; you have accumulated good actions and conquered a great sea of virtues.
Holy One, you lead to the path of peace, all homage to you!Bull-like man, Leader, we see
your wonder. The fields of the Sugatas are illumined with a brilliant light, and their instructions
in the Law, greatly developed and leading to immoratllity, can be hard throughout
the reaches of space.King of Law you reign through the Law over all beings, you lavish on
them the riches of the Law. Skillful analyst of dharmas, Instructor in the Good Law, Sovereign
of the Law, King of the Law, all homage to you!Neither being nor not-being, all dharmas
are born dependent on causes; there is in them no self, no sensing subject, no activator;
but good or bad, no action withers; such is your teaching.Great Ascetic, you have overcome
Māra and his hordes; you have conquered supreme enlightenment, peace, immortality, happiness.
But unaware, deprived of thought and attention, the hordes of the sectaries do not
understand it.Wondrous Kin of the Law, in the presence of gods and men, you turn the wheel
of the Law which has a threefoild revolution and twelwe aspects; it is calmed and naturally
pure. From then on, the three jewels are revealed.Those who are well-disciplined by
your precious Law are unruffled and always calm. You are the great Healer who puts an end
to birth, olda age and death. You have conquered a great sea of virtues, all homage to you!Before
homages and good deeds, you reamain as immovalble as Sumeru; towards beings moral
or immoral, you are equally beneficent; penetrating the samness of all things, your mind is
like space. Jewel among beings, who would not honour you?Under this llittle parasol offered
to the Blessed One, there appear the trichiliocosm and the dwelling of the Devas and the
Nāgas; thus it is that we salute his knowledge and vision and the assemblage of his virtues.With
this wonder the being with ten powers reveals the worlds to us; and all are like
plays of light. Being cry out in wonder. This is why we salute the beng with ten powers,
gifted with knowledge and vision.Great Ascetic, the assemblies united here in your presence
contemplate you full of faith. Each one sees the Victorious One facing him; this is an exclusive
attribute of the Victorious One.The blessed one expresses himself in a single sound
and beings, each according to his category, grasp its meaning; this is an exclusive attribute
of the Victorious One.The Buddha expounds the Law in a single sound and to some this
brings fear, to some joy; to others, repulsion; and to yet others, the suppression of their
doubts: this is an exclusive attribute of the Tathāgata.All homage to you, Being with
ten powers, Leader, Hero! all homage to you, who are fearless and free from dread! All homage
to you who fulfil the exclusive attributes! All homage to you, Leaders of all creatures.All
homage to you, who have broken the fetters and links! All homage to you who "having
reached the other shore and standing on firm ground". All homage to you, saviour of creatures
who are lost! All homage too you who have escaped the course of rebirth!You associate
yourself with beings by going into their course of existence, but you are delivered from all
courses of existence "As the lotus, born in the water, is not defiled by water", so the
Ascetic One, like the lotus, dwells in emptiness.You have eliminated signs in all their aspects;
you have no wishes regarding anything. The great power of the Buddhas is inconceivable.
All homage to you, who are unsupported as space!

