Also, O Ratnākara, the field of good intentions is the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the
instant he obtains enlightnment, beings free from hypocrisy and deceit are born in his Buddhakṣetra.

Son of good family, the field of high resolve is the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the instant
he obtains enlightnment, beings who have accumulated all the stores of good roots are
born in his Buddhakṣetra.

Son of good family, the field of effort is the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the instant
he obtains enlightnment, beings who are established in all good dharmas are born in his Buddhakṣetra.

The production of great thought is the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the instant he obtains
enlightnment, beings who have started towards the Great Vehicle are born in his Buddhakṣetra.

The field of giving is the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the instant he obtains enlightnment,
beings who have abandoned their worldly goods are born in his Buddhakṣetra.

The field of morality is the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the instant he obtains enlightnment,
beings gifted with all the good intentions and who observe the ten paths of good conduct
are born in his Buddhakṣetra.

The field of patience is the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the instant he obtains enlightnment,
beings who are adorned with the thirty-two primary marks and who are gifted with the
lovely perfections of patience, discipline and calm are born in his Buddhakṣetra.

The field of vigour is the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the instant he obtains enlightnment,
beings whyo apply their vigour are born in his Buddhakṣetra.

The field of meditation is the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the instant he obtains enlightnment,
beings gifted with memory, presence of mind and concentration are born in his Buddhakṣetra.

The field of wisdom is the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the instant he obtains enlightnment,
beings certain to acquire the Absolute good are born in his Buddhakṣetra.

The field of the four infinite states is the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the instant he
obtains enlightnment, beings established in goodwill are born in his Buddhakṣetra.

The four means of conversion are the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the instant he obtains
enlightnment, beings possessing all the liberations are born in his Buddhakṣetra.

Skill in means is the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the instant he obtains enlightnment,
beings skilled in all the maens and practices of deliverance are born in his Buddhakṣetra.

The thirty-seven auxiliaries of enlightenment are the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the instant
he obtains enlightnment, there come to be born in his Buddhakṣetra being who understand
the four applications of mindfulness, the four right efforts, the four bases of psychic
power, the five dominant faculties, the five powers, the seven limbs of enlightenment and
the eight limbs of the path.

The transference of merit is the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the instant he obtains enlightnment,
the adornments of all the virties appear in his Buddhakṣetra.

The teaching intended to suppress the eight unfavourable conditions for birth is the Buddhakṣetra
of the Bodhisattva: the instant he obtains enlightnment, all the wrong paths are eliminated;
and there are not, in his Buddhakṣetra, any unfavourable conditions for birth.

Observing the rules of training oneself and not blaming the faults of others is the Buddhakṣetra
of the Bodhisattva: the instant he obtains enlightnment, the word for fault is not even
suggested in his Buddhakṣetra.

Teh purity of the ten paths is the Buddhakṣetra of the Bodhisattva: the instant he obtains enlightnment,
there are born in his Buddhakṣetra beings who are gifted with long life, are
very wealthy, continent, whose speach conforms with the truth, gentle, who do not break up
the assembly, are skilled in reconciling adversaries, free from hypocisy, free from malicious
thought and holding right views.

