Those bodhisattvas then asked the Licchavi Vimalakīrti,"How does the Buddha Śākyamuni teach
the Dharma?"

Vimalakīrti replied, "Good sirs, these living beings here are hard to discipline.Therefore,
he teaches them with discourses appropriate for the disciplining of the wild and uncivilized.How
does he discipline the wild and uncivilized? What discourses are appropriate?Here they
are:"’This is hell. This is the animal world. This is the world of the lord of death.These
are the adversities. These are the rebirths with crippled faculties.These are physical
misdeeds, and these are the retributions for physical misdeeds. These are verbal misdeeds,
and these are the retributions for verbal misdeeds. These are mental misdeeds, and these
are the retributions for mental misdeeds.This is killing.This is stealing.This is sexual
misconduct.This is lying.This is backbiting.This is harsh speech.This is frivolous speech.This
is covetousness.This is malice.This is false view. These are their retributions.This
is miserliness, and this is its effect.This is immorality.This is hatred.This is sloth. This
is the fruit of sloth.This is false wisdom and this is the fruit of false wisdom.These
are the transgressions of the precepts.This is the vow of personal liberation.This should
be done and that should not be done.This is properand that should be abandoned.This is an
obscuration and that is without obscuration.This is sinand that rises above sin.This is the
path and that is the wrong path.This is virtue and that is evil.This is blameworthy and
that is blameless.This is defiled and that is immaculate.This is mundane and that is transcendental.This
is compounded and that is uncompounded.This is passion and that is purification.This
is life and that is liberation.’

"Thus, by means of these varied explanations of the Dharma, the Buddha trains the minds of those
living beingswho are just like wild horses. Just as wild horses or wild elephants will
not be tamed unless the goad pierces them to the marrow,so living beings who are wild and
hard to civilize are disciplined only by means of discourses about all kinds of miseries."

