Reverend Śāriputra, eight strange and wonderful things manifest themselves constantly in this
house.What are these eight?

A light of golden hue shines here constantly, so bright that it is hard to distinguish day and
night;and neither the moon nor the sun shines here distinctly.That is the first wonder
of this house.

Furthermore, reverend Śāriputra, whoever enters this house is no longer troubled by his passions
from the moment he is within.That is the second strange and wonderful thing.

Furthermore, reverend Śāriputra, this house is never forsaken by Sakra, Brahmā, the Lokapālas,
and the bodhisattvas from all the other buddha-fields.That is the third strange and wonderful
thing.

Furthermore, reverend Śāriputra, this house is never empty of the sounds of the Dharma, the
discourse on the six transcendences, and the discourses of the irreversible wheel of the Dharma.That
is the fourth strange and wonderful thing.

Furthermore, reverend Śāriputra, in this house one always hears the rhythms, songs, and music
of gods and men,and from this music constantly resounds the sound of the infinite Dharma
of the Buddha.That is the fifth strange and wonderful thing.

Furthermore, reverend Śāriputra, in this house there are always four inexhaustible treasures,
replete with all kinds of jewels,which never decrease, although all the poor and wretched
may partake to their satisfaction.That is the sixth strange and wonderful thing.

Furthermore, reverend Śāriputra, (at the wish of this good man, to this house come the innumerable
Tathāgatas of the ten directions), such as the Tathāgatas Śākyamuni,Amitabha,Aksobhya,
Ratnasri, Ratnarcis, Ratnacandra,Ratnavyuha,Duṣprasāha,Sarvarthasiddha,Ratnabahula,Simhakirti,Simhasvara,(Furthermore,
reverend Śāriputra, )at the wish of this good man, to this
house come the innumerable Tathāgatas of the ten directions, (such as the Tathāgatas Śākyamuni,
…….. )and so forth;and when they come they teach the door of Dharma called the "Secrets
of the Tathāgatas" and then depart.That is the seventh strange and wonderful thing.

Furthermore, reverend Śāriputra, all the splendors of the abodes of the gods and all the splendors
of the fields of the Buddhas shine forth in this house.That is the eighth strange and
wonderful thing.

Reverend Śāriputra, these eight strange and wonderful things are seen in this house.Who then,
seeing such inconceivable things, would believe the teaching of the disciples?

